#1329 - Red Sea
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african

1421.1.1 = { discovered_by = MNG }
1453.1.1 = { discovered_by = western discovered_by = dutch discovered_by = english discovered_by = french discovered_by = german_group discovered_by = italian discovered_by = portuguese discovered_by = scandinavian discovered_by = spanish discovered_by = swiss }
1488.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

