#2197 - Kabardia

owner = BKS
controller = BKS
culture = circassian
religion = orthodox
capital = "Slabada"
trade_goods = wine
hre = no
base_tax = 2  
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
add_core = BKS
add_core = KBD

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = nomad_group

1500.1.1 = {
	owner = KBD
	controller = KBD
	add_core = KBD
}

1569.1.1 = { owner = GAZ controller = GAZ } # Budai-Chopan conquest

1630.1.1 = { religion = sunni }

1814.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	religion = orthodox
} # Annexed by Russia
