#2198 - Ichkeria

owner = AVR
controller = AVR
#culture = dagestani
culture = avar
religion = shiite
capital = "Khunzakh"
trade_goods = iron
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4 
base_manpower = 6
is_city = yes
add_core = AVR

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = nomad_group

1801.1.18 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
} # Annexed by Russia
