#2315 - Suez

owner = MAM
controller = MAM
culture = al_misr_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Suweis"			#Sure, why not. Many spelling variations, going with vanilla. Also appears Suez existed prior to the Suez Canal
trade_goods = livestock			#why not
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
add_core = MAM

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african



1521.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} # Conquered by the Ottomans
