#2452 - Zuwarah

#Default
owner = TUN
controller = TUN
add_core = TUN
culture = libyan_berber_culture
religion = sunni
capital = "Zuwarah"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 2  
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 1 
is_city = yes

#Claimants
add_core = TRP

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = MAM controller = MAM add_core = MAM } # Mamluk territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = TUN controller = TUN add_core = TUN } # Tunisian territorial lands - By San Felipe

1546.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} #Turgut Reis takes the area around Tripoli. In reality there was likely a good deal of local autonomous, perhaps even complete independence, but that info is probably lost to time and definitely lost to me.
1551.8.16 = {
	owner = TRP
	controller = TRP
	add_core = TRP
} #Eyalet of Tripolitania established after the fall of Tripoli. Initially just covers coastal Libya.