#2459 - Titteri

#Default
owner = TLC
controller = TLC
add_core = TLC
culture = algerian
religion = sunni
capital = "Medea"
trade_goods = fruit
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes

#Claimants
add_core = ALG

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers
add_local_autonomy = 50			#Area around Algiers was largely automous under 14th and 15th century Tlemcen

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = TLC controller = TLC add_core = TLC } # Tlemcen territorial lands - By San Felipe

1517.1.1 = {
	owner = ALG
	controller = ALG
	add_core = ALG
	base_tax = 4
	base_production = 4
	add_local_autonomy = -50
}	#Ottomans extend the influence of Algiers to Titteri and Medea by 1517.