# - Ouarsenis

owner = TLC
controller = TLC
culture = algerian
religion = sunni
capital = "Tiaret"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
add_core = TLC
fort_15th = yes


discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Core territory of Tlemcen
1556.1.1 = {
	owner = ALG
	controller = ALG
	add_core = ALG
}	#Tlemcen annexed to RoAlgiers.