#299 - Voronezh
#Region - Russia
#Area - Tambov

owner = GOL
controller = GOL
culture = russian
religion = orthodox
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4 
trade_goods = grain  
base_manpower = 4 
capital = "Khazar"
is_city = yes
add_core = GOL
center_of_trade = 1

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss

1502.6.1 = { owner = CRI controller = CRI add_core = CRI remove_core = GOL } # Golden Horde destroyed by Crimea
1572.8.2 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	remove_core = CRI
	capital = "Voronezh"
} # Battle of Molodi
