# 129 - Krain
#Region - Germany
#Area - Carniola

owner = HAB
controller = HAB
add_core = HAB
culture = slovene
religion = catholic
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
trade_goods = beer
base_manpower = 2 
capital = "Marburg"
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = KAZ } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = CRI } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = GOL } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = AST } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = QAS } 

1420.1.1 = {
	add_core = STY
} # To the Habsburgs

1452.1.1 = {
	owner = STY
	controller = STY
}
1457.11.24 = {	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	remove_core = STY
}
1525.5.1 = { unrest = 5 } # Farmer insurrections 
1526.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
