#332 - Marash

owner = DUL
controller = DUL
add_core = DUL
add_core = CIL
culture = al_suryah_arabic	#Armenians still in the majority in most of the region, and would continue to be until circa 1915, but populations moved around so much and records are so bad (and political) that who was where seems impossible to answer. Syrian looks good, border wise, going with that.
religion = sunni
capital = "Maras"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 4
is_city = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group


1514.8.23 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR		
}
