#357 - Libya

owner = MAM
controller = MAM
culture = al_misr_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Darnah"
trade_goods = dates
hre = no
base_tax = 2  
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 1 
is_city = yes
add_local_autonomy = 50
add_core = MAM



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = nomad_group


1517.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} # Conquered by Ottoman troops
1551.8.16 = {
	owner = TRP
	controller = TRP
	add_core = TRP
} #Eyalet of Tripolitania established after the fall of Tripoli. Initially just covers coastal Libya.
