#3719 - Qesm Halayeb

#Default
owner = BEJ
controller = BEJ
add_core = BEJ
culture = beja
religion = sunni
capital = "Qesm Halayeb"
is_city = yes
base_manpower = 1 
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 1  
base_production = 1 

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = MAM controller = MAM add_core = MAM } # Mamluk territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = BEJ controller = BEJ add_core = BEJ } # Bejan territorial lands - By San Felipe

1517.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
	remove_core = MAM
} # Invaded by the Ottomans
1750.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = fish
} #Exact situation unclear, but it appears Ottoman influence was definite by around this point.
