#3942 - Ash Shwaryif
owner = GDM
controller = GDM
add_core = GDM
culture = libyan_berber_culture
religion = ibadi
capital = "Ash Shwaryif"
trade_goods = slaves
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1 
base_manpower = 1 
is_city = yes

#discovered_by = muslim
#discovered_by = ottoman
#discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
#discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


1625.1.1 = { capital = "Qaryat" }
1650.1.1 = {
	owner = TRP
	controller = TRP
	add_core = TRP
} #Giving Tripoli the territory of Fezzan in 1650, as it seems the land under not under Ottoman influence in 1600, but was under them by 1700 or so. Details are sparse so this is largely guesswork.