#365 - Aqaba

owner = MAM
controller = MAM
add_core = MAM
culture = bedouin_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Aqaba"
trade_goods = dates			#poor desert area, no better options -unless there was metal, maybe come back and check for historical mines later
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african

1517.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} # Part of the Ottoman empire
