#4269 - Al Wajh

#Default
owner = MDA
controller = MDA
add_core = MDA
culture = bedouin_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Duba"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 1 
is_city = yes

#Claimants

#Buildings
#fort_15th = yes

#Special Modifiers
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = MAM controller = MAM add_core = MAM } # Mamluk territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = MDA controller = MDA add_core = MDA } # Medina territorial lands - By San Felipe

1482.6.1 = { #Mamluks place all Hejaz under Mecca
	owner = HED
	controller = HED
	add_core = HED
}
1516.8.24 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} #Annexed by the Ottoman Empire along with the rest of Mamluk territory

1770.1.1 = {
	owner = MAM
	controller = MAM
	add_core = MAM
} # Ali Bey's rebellion gained control of the Hijaz

1772.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	remove_core = MAM
} # Ali Bey's rebellion crushed, control returned to the Ottomans

1803.1.1 = {
	owner = NAJ
	controller = NAJ
	add_core = NAJ
} # The First Saudi State expands to the Hejaz

1811.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
} # Recapture of the Hejaz. Returns to Ottoman control