#4568 - Demnate

#Default
owner = MRK
controller = MRK 
add_core = MRK 
culture = zayane
religion = sunni
capital = "Demnate"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
center_of_trade = 1

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = MRK controller = MRK add_core = MRK } # Marrakesh territorial lands - By San Felipe