#468 - Khazaria

owner = CRI
controller = CRI 
culture = crimean
religion = sunni
capital = "Semikarakor"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 3  
base_production = 3 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
add_core = CRI

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group

1478.6.1 = { add_core = TUR }
1774.7.21 = {
	owner = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	controller = RUS
	remove_core = TUR
	culture = russian
	religion = orthodox
}# Treaty of Kuchuk-Kainarji
