owner = ROT
controller = ROT
capital = "Rothenburg ob der Tauber"
is_city = yes
culture = franconian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 8
base_production = 10
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = grain
add_core = ROT
center_of_trade = 2
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Reichsdeputationshauptschluss
1803.2.25 = {
	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
}
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
