#5182 - Ouddorp

#Default
owner = HOL
controller = HOL
add_core = HOL
culture = ger_zeelandic
religion = catholic
capital = "Ouddorp"
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = fruit
is_city = yes
hre = yes
extra_cost = 5

#Claimants
add_core = ZEE

#Special Modifiers
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = meuse_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = FLA controller = FLA add_core = FLA } # County of Flanders - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = HOL controller = HOL add_core = HOL } # Duchy of Holland territorial lands - By San Felipe