#5226 - Gharb

#Default
owner = MRK
controller = MRK
add_core = MRK
culture = shilha
religion = sunni
capital = "Chichaoua"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = MRK controller = MRK add_core = MRK } # Marrakesh territorial lands - By San Felipe