#5329 - El Oued

#Default
owner = ZAB
controller = ZAB
add_core = ZAB
culture = mozabite
religion = sunni
capital = "EL Oued"
trade_goods = fruit			#Dates from the oasis
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1 
base_manpower = 1 
is_city = yes

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
#discovered_by = muslim
#discovered_by = ottoman
#discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
#discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = ZAB controller = ZAB add_core = ZAB } # Zab territorial lands - By San Felipe
