#5550 - Dgdoumes

owner = GHD
controller = GHD 
add_core = GHD
culture = libyan_berber_culture
religion = sunni
capital = "Al-Matlawi"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


1574.9.13 = {
	owner = OTN
	controller = OTN
	add_core = OTN
} #Information sparse here, but most maps seem to suggest this area was within the Ottoman SoI by the fall of the Hafsids and establishment of Ottoman Tunis