#6385 - Lake_Iseo

discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian