#66 - Bamberg

owner = BAM
controller = BAM
add_core = BAM
culture = franconian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
trade_goods = beer
base_manpower = 4 
capital = "Bamberg"
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

1632.2.11 = { controller = SWE }
1634.11.1 = { controller = BAM }
1803.1.1 = {
	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
	remove_core = BAM
} # Annexed by Bavaria
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
