#6979 - Sigmaringen

owner = FUR
controller = FUR
add_core = FUR
culture = swabian
capital = "Sigmaringen"
religion = catholic
trade_goods = iron
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 1077 AD
1525.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1548.1.1 = {
	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	add_core = HAB
	remove_core = KNZ
}
1604.1.1 = { religion = catholic }
1805.12.26 = {
	owner = BAD
	controller = BAD
	add_core = BAD
	remove_core = HAB
 } # Treaty of Pressburg
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
