#7053 - Finale

owner = FNL
controller = FNL
add_core = FNL
culture = ligurian
religion = catholic
capital = "Finale"	#Ligurie
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 4
trade_goods = gunpowder	#was grain, gunpowder introduced from east and brought by genoese traders but not putting it in Genoa intself
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Province history completed by - 

1602.1.1   = { 
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	remove_core = FNL
}
1713.1.1   = { 
	owner = GEN
	controller = GEN
	add_core = GEN
	remove_core = SPA
} 