#7055 - LaSpezia

owner = GEN
controller = GEN
add_core = GEN
culture = ligurian
religion = catholic
capital = "La Spezia"
base_tax = 7
base_production = 7
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = naval_supplies
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Province history completed by - 

