#7140 - Butrint

owner = VEN
controller = VEN
add_core = VEN
culture = greek
religion = orthodox
capital = "Buthroton"
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = seafood
is_city = yes
hre = no

1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = KAZ } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = CRI } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = GOL } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = AST } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = QAS } 
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
