#7190 - Cembalo

owner = GZR
controller = GZR
add_core = GZR
culture = pontic_greek
religion = orthodox
capital = "Cembalo"
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4 
base_manpower = 2 
trade_goods = slaves
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
