#7205 - BelskaSloboda

owner = GOL
controller = GOL 
add_core = GOL
add_core = CRI
religion = sunni
culture = crimean
capital = "Belska Sloboda"			#Russian settlement from circa 1600, but no better options showing up
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = nomad_group
