#7207 - Ostrog

owner = LIT
controller = LIT
add_core = LIT
add_core = VOL
culture = ruthenian
religion = orthodox
capital = "Ostrog"			#Also the probably more important Iziaslav, though it was under the authority of Ostrog for much of the period so sticking with that
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = no
add_local_autonomy = 15

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = KAZ } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = CRI } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = GOL } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = AST } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = QAS } 


