#7241 - Mazyr

owner = KIR
controller = KIR
add_core = KIR
culture = byelorussian
religion = orthodox
capital = "Mazyr"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = beer
is_city = yes
hre = no
add_local_autonomy = 25

discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1444.1.1 = {
	owner = KIE
	controller = KIE
	add_core = KIE