#7315 - Wetzlar

owner = WLD
controller = WLD
add_core = WLD
culture = eastphalian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = wool
capital = "Wetzlar"
base_tax = 4
base_production = 3
is_city = yes
base_manpower = 3
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 3rd to 8th century AD
1539.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved