#7447 - Ramla

owner = MAM
controller = MAM
culture = al_suryah_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Ramla"
trade_goods = olive_oil		# was dates
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = MAM

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african


1517.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} # Part of the Ottoman empire
1750.1.1 = { add_core = SYR }
