#7448 - Bayt Lahm

owner = MAM
controller = MAM
culture = al_suryah_arabic
religion = orthodox
capital = "Bethlehem"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = MAM

discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african