#6260 - Diepholz
#Region - Germany
#Area - Westphalia

owner = DPZ
controller = DPZ
add_core = DPZ
culture = lower_saxon
religion = catholic
capital = "Diepholz"
trade_goods = grain
hre = yes
base_tax = 2
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes

#Special Modifiers

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 1390 AD
1529.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
