#6252 - Bremerlehe #Bremerhaven
#Region - Germany
#Area - Weser

owner = BRE
controller = BRE
add_core = BRE
culture = ger_east_frisian
religion = catholic
capital = "Bremerlehe"
trade_goods = fish
hre = yes
base_tax = 4
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
fort_15th = yes
add_local_autonomy = 50
center_of_trade = 1

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


extra_cost = 15

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = weser_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

#Documented 1381 AD
1532.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved