#7525 - Warendorf

owner = TCK
controller = TCK
add_core = TCK
culture = hannoverian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = wool
capital = "Warendorf"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 3
hre = yes
is_city = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 789 AD
1566.1.1 = { religion = reformed }
1585.1.1 = { religion = catholic } # Jesuites are efficient in restoring the catholic faith
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
