#7531 - Warberg
#Region - Germany
#Area - Franconia

owner = VGT
controller = VGT
add_core = VGT
add_core = BRU
culture = saxon
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = wine
capital = "Warberg"
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 1080 AD due to missionary efforts in the area
1803.1.1 = {
	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
	remove_core = GOS
} # Annexed by Bavaria
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
