#7532 - Duisburg

owner = ELW
controller = ELW
add_core = ELW
culture = hessian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = iron
capital = "Duisburg"
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 4 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
hre = yes
fort_15th = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

extra_cost = 10

#Documented 13th century AD
1539.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved. Grand Duchy of Berg