#Neuwied
#Region - Low Countries
#Area - Frisia

owner = WIE
controller = WIE
add_core = WIE
add_core = KTZ 
capital = "Nastï¿½tten"
is_city = yes
culture = hessian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2 
trade_goods = beer
base_manpower = 2 


discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved