#7567 - Trossingen

owner = HAB
controller = HAB
add_core = HAB
culture = swabian
capital = "Trossingen"
religion = catholic
trade_goods = fur
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 3 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = black_forest
    duration = -1
}

#City rights granted 797 AD
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
