#6328 - Bartholoma
#Region - Germany
#Area - Lower Swabia

owner = AUG
controller = AUG
add_core = AUG
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1
trade_goods = cloth	#fustians
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Starnberg"
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 1365 AD
1530.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved