#7604 - Offenbach

owner = FKS
controller = FKS
add_core = FKS
capital = "Offenbach"
culture = hessian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = fruit
base_tax = 2
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Documented 774 AD
1546.4.19 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
