#6298 - Sierksdorf

owner = BLK
controller = BLK
add_core = BLK
add_core = HSA
culture = holsatian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
trade_goods = grain
base_manpower = 4 
capital = "Sierksdorf"
is_city = yes

#Special Modifiers

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 1361 AD
1529.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
