#6283 - Ziesar
#Region - Germany
#Area - Northern Saxony

owner = MEI
controller = MEI
add_core = MEI
culture = saxon
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = vegetables
capital = "Ziesar"
is_city = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 948 AD
1444.1.1 = 
	owner = SAX
	controller = SAX
	add_core = SAX
	remove_core = MEI
1539.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1650.1.1 = { culture = prussian }
1813.10.13 = {
	owner = PRU
	controller = PRU
	add_core = PRU
} # The kingdom is dissolved
