#6280 - Naumburg
#Region - Germany
#Area - Lower Saxony

owner = SWZ
controller = SWZ
add_core = SWZ
culture = saxon
religion = catholic
capital = "Oschersleben"
trade_goods = lumber	# was cloth
hre = yes
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 994 AD
1529.1.1 = { religion = protestant } # The kingdom is dissolved
