#7657 - Rimpar

owner = BBH
controller = BBH
add_core = BBH
culture = franconian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = vegetables
capital = "Rimpar"
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 1285 AD
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
1814.5.30 = {
	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
} # Treaty of Paris
