#6266 - Hildesheim

owner = HSH
controller = HSH
add_core = HSH
culture = eastphalian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = grain
capital = "Hildesheim"
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 2 
hre = yes
is_city = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 815 AD
1533.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1605.1.1 = { religion = reformed }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
