#Heligoland
#Region - Germany
#Area - Weser

owner = OLD
controller = OLD
culture = ger_north_frisian
religion = catholic
capital = "Helgoland"
trade_goods = salt
hre = yes
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4 
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes
add_core = OLD

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian