#7811 - Dannenberg

owner = LUN
controller = LUN
add_core = LUN
culture = polabian_culture	#Descendants of Drevani living in Dannenberg-Luchow were still speaking slavic language until 18th century
religion = catholic
capital = "Dannenberg"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1 
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = yes


discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss


1700.1.1 = { culture = lower_saxon } #Slavic language vanishes