#7817 - Löcknitz

owner = POM
controller = POM
add_core = POM
culture = pommeranian
religion = catholic
capital = "Löcknitz"
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2 
base_manpower = 1 
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = yes

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss

#Histories
1295.1.1 = {
	owner = STE
	controller = STE
	add_core = STE
	remove_core = POM
}	#Barnim II of Pomerania dies, killed by the husband of a woman he seduced. Pomerania fractures.
1478.3.1 = {
	owner = POM
	controller = POM
	add_core = POM
} # Reunited under Bogislaw X