#7891 - Draguignanii

owner = PRO
controller = PRO
add_core = PRO
culture = aquitaine
religion = catholic
capital = "Draguignan"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = citrus
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#1444 on
1481.1.1 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Provence added to France after the death of Duke Charles