#7909 - Saint-Étienne

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

#Default
owner = FOR
controller = FOR
add_core = FOR
culture = arpitan
religion = catholic
capital = "Saint-Étienne"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = cloth
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories