#7910 - Vienne

#Default
owner = VNE
controller = VNE
add_core = VNE
culture = arpitan
religion = catholic
capital = "Vienne"
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = books
is_city = yes
hre = yes

#Claimants
add_core = DAU

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = DAU controller = DAU add_core = DAU } # Part of English Duchy of Aquitaine - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Part of the Royal French Domain - By San Felipe

1444.11.16 = { #VictorumUniversalis batch edit shortcut second performance start begins
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
	add_core = FRA
	remove_core = VNE
} #Cut all mod added tags, reverting to nearest or most logical vanilla tag owner. I think it is safe to leave cores, though.
1444.11.18 = { #VictorumUniversalis batch edit shortcut second performance start ends
	owner = VNE
	controller = VNE
	add_core = VNE
	remove_core = FRA
} #Return to proper mod added owners and cuts vanilla core, typically.

1450.1.1 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA }