#7916 - Riom

#Default
owner = BOU
controller = BOU
add_core = BOU
culture = auvergnat_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "Riom"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = horses
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants
add_core = AUV

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = ENG controller = ENG add_core = ENG } # Part of English Duchy of Aquitaine - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = BOU controller = BOU add_core = BOU } # Duchy of Bourbonnais - By San Felipe

1531.1.1 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA }