#7923 - LowerNavarra

#Default
owner = NAV
controller = NAV
add_core = NAV
culture = basque
religion = catholic
capital = "St. Jean"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = cheese
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants
add_core = GUY

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = ENG controller = ENG add_core = ENG } # Part of English Duchy of Aquitaine - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = NAV controller = NAV add_core = NAV } # Part of the Kingdom of Navarre - By San Felipe