#7934 - Châtellerault

#Default
owner = FRA
controller = FRA
add_core = FRA
culture = poitevin_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "Châtellerault"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1447.1.1 = { owner = PRO controller = PRO add_core = PRO remove_core = FRA } #Jean VII d'Harcourt gives Chatellerault to the d'Anjou family, specifically Charles IV of Maine, in 1447