#7938 - Chalon

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

owner = BUR
controller = BUR
add_core = BUR
culture = burgundian
religion = catholic
capital = "Chalon"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = fruit
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

1477.1.5 = { owner = HAB controller = HAB add_core = HAB }	#from vanilla. Mary of Burgundy, an heiress, passes all Burgundian holdings in the Low Countries to the Habsburgs
1481.1.1 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Provence added to France after the death of Duke Charles