#7946 - Epinal

owner = LOR
controller = LOR
add_core = LOR
culture = lorraine_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "ï¿½pinal"
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = lumber
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
