#7961 - Soissons

#Default
owner = FRA			#Also under St. Pol, id est TRN, but this is a complicated situation of de jure vassals in one feudal holding but indepedent in another, so calling it France with estate. That is probably as close as we're going to get to reality.
controller = FRA
add_core = FRA
culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = catholic
capital = "Soissons"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = wine
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants
add_core = CHP

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = CHP controller = CHP add_core = CHP } # Countship of Champagne - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Part of the Royal French Domain - By San Felipe