#7963 - Beauvais

owner = FRA
controller = FRA
add_core = FRA
add_core = VRD
culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = catholic
capital = "Beauvais"
base_tax = 5
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = pottery #Known for producing pottery and ceramics (by San Felipe).
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Province history completed by - Darth Modus

#1444 on