#7969 - Boulogne

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

#Default
owner = PIC
controller = PIC
add_core = PIC
culture = picard_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "Boulogne"
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = seafood
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = FLA controller = FLA add_core = FLA } # County of Flanders - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = PIC controller = PIC add_core = PIC } # Duchy of Picardy - By San Felipe