#7972 - Harfleur

owner = ENG
controller = ENG
add_core = ENG
add_core = FRA
add_core = NRM
culture = normand
religion = catholic
capital = "Harfleur"
base_tax = 7
base_production = 7
base_manpower = 4
trade_goods = naval_supplies
is_city = yes
hre = no

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier_2
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
center_of_trade = 2
extra_cost = 15
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = seine_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

1215.6.15 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Duchy of Normandy and part of the French Royal Domain - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = ENG controller = ENG add_core = ENG } # Duchy of Normandy and part of the French Royal Domain - By San Felipe

1449.1.1 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA remove_core = ENG }