#7973 - StOmer

owner = SPO
controller = SPO
add_core = SPO
add_core = ATS
culture = ger_flemish
religion = catholic
capital = "St. Omer"
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = apiculture
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Province history completed by - Darth Modus

1678.8.10 = { #VictorumUniversalis batch edit shortcut second performance start begins
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
	add_core = FRA
	remove_core = SPA
} 