#7974 - Béthune

#Default
owner = ATS
controller = ATS
add_core = ATS
culture = picard_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "Béthune"
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = apiculture
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = FLA controller = FLA add_core = FLA } # County of Flanders - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = ATS controller = ATS add_core = ATS } # Duchy of artois territorial lands - By San Felipe