#7976 - Valenciennes

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

owner = HAI
controller = HAI
add_core = HAI
culture = wallonian
religion = catholic
capital = "Valenciennes"
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = lace #Historically famous for fine lace. Also very industrial reason later, with heavy industry and coal
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Province history completed by - Darth Modus