#7979 - Vendôme

#Default
owner = FRA
controller = FRA
add_core = FRA
culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = catholic
capital = "Vendôme"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Special Modifiers
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = BLS controller = BLS add_core = BLS } # Countship of Blois - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Part of the Royal French Domain - By San Felipe