#7988 - Sablé/La Flèche

owner = MNE
controller = MNE
add_core = MNE
add_core = FRA
culture = angevin_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "Sablé"			#Or La Flèche
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = horses
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
