#7991 - Saumur

#Default
owner = ANJ
controller = ANJ
add_core = ANJ
culture = angevin_culture
religion = catholic
capital = "Saumur"
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = iron			#Apparently production of small metal objects, including rosaries and medals.
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants
add_core = PRO

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Part of French Royal Domain - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = ANJ controller = ANJ add_core = ANJ } # Anjou is appanage of the French Kingdom - By San Felipe
