#8013 - Guerande

#Default
owner = BRI
controller = BRI
add_core = BRI
culture = breton
religion = catholic
capital = "Guérande"
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
trade_goods = mercury		#was salt
is_city = yes
hre = no
center_of_trade = 1

#Claimants

#Special Modifiers
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = loire_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Part of French Royal Domain - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = BRI controller = BRI add_core = BRI } # Duchy of Brittany territorial lands - By San Felipe
