#8022 - Dinant

owner = LUX
controller = LUX
add_core = LUX
culture = luxembourgish
religion = catholic
capital = "Dinant"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = pottery			#Per Niki, silverware, pottery, and candlesticks, so he says glass. A fine idea, but Dinant was a center of bronze and brass working dating back to antiquity and the Meuse valley is very metal-rich but currently has no copper, so going with copper for now.
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
