#8030 - Luxeuil

owner = LXL
controller = LXL
add_core = LXL
add_core = FCM
culture = burgundian
religion = catholic
capital = "Luxeuil"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = naval_supplies
is_city = yes
hre = yes

#Special Modifiers

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

1444.11.16 = { #VictorumUniversalis batch edit shortcut second performance start begins
	owner = BUR
	controller = BUR
	add_core = BUR
	remove_core = LXL
	remove_core = FCM
} #Cut all mod added tags, reverting to nearest or most logical vanilla tag owner. I think it is safe to leave cores, though.
1444.11.18 = { #VictorumUniversalis batch edit shortcut second performance start ends
	owner = LXL
	controller = LXL
	add_core = LXL
	add_core = FCM
	remove_core = BUR
} #Return to proper mod added owners and cuts vanilla core, typically.

#1444 on
