#8032 - Zutphen

#Default
owner = GEL
controller = GEL
add_core = GEL
culture = ger_guelders
religion = catholic
capital = "Zutphen"
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = cloth
is_city = yes
hre = yes

#Claimants

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = ZPN controller = ZPN add_core = ZPN } # Countship of Zutphen - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = GEL controller = GEL add_core = GEL } # Countship of Gelders territorial lands - By San Felipe