#8037 - Aviles

owner = CAS
controller = CAS
add_core = CAS
add_core = ASU #BTB added: Castilian revolter tag.
culture = leonese
religion = catholic
capital = "Avilï¿½s"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = naval_supplies
is_city = yes
hre = no
center_of_trade = 1
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = aviles_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}
