#8054 - Talavera

owner = CAS
controller = CAS
add_core = CAS
add_core = TLD #BTB added: Castilian revolter tag.
culture = castillian
religion = catholic
capital = "Talavera"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = lead
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Province history completed by - Darth Modus

#1444 on