#8075 - Carmona

#Default
owner = CAS
controller = CAS
add_core = CAS
culture = andalucian
religion = catholic
capital = "Carmona"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = olive_oil
is_city = yes
hre = no
center_of_trade = 1

#Claimants
add_core = SVL

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = navalbase_modifier
    duration = -1
}

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = CAS controller = CAS add_core = CAS } # Castilian territorial lands - By San Felipe