#8079 - Zahara

owner = GRA
controller = GRA
add_core = GRA
culture = andalusi_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Zahara"
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = wool
is_city = yes
hre = no

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


#Province history completed by - Darth Modus

1407.1.1 = {
	owner = CAS
	controller = CAS
	add_core = CAS
	add_core = SVL
	religion = catholic
}	#Reconquista
1490.1.1 = { culture = andalucian } #Arab influence deminishes
1516.1.23 = {
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	remove_core = CAS
} #Spain formed