#8082 - Alhama

#Default
owner = GRA
controller = GRA
add_core = GRA
culture = andalusi_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Alhama"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = sugar
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = GRA controller = GRA add_core = GRA } # Granadan territorial lands - By San Felipe

1490.6.1 = {
	owner = CAS
	controller = CAS
	add_core = CAS
} #Conquered soon before fall of Granada
1502.1.1 = {
	religion = catholic
	culture = andalucian
} #Arab presence deminishes under new rule