#8088 - Denia

#Default
owner = ARA
controller = ARA
add_core = ARA
add_core = VAL
culture = catalan
religion = catholic
capital = "Dï¿½nia"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = pottery #Known for producing pottery and ceramics (by San Felipe).
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants
add_core = VAL

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = ARA controller = ARA add_core = ARA } # Aragonese territorial lands - By San Felipe