#8101 - Elvas

#Default
owner = POR
controller = POR
add_core = POR
culture = portugese
religion = catholic
capital = "Elvas"
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = wine #was fur
is_city = yes
hre = no

#Claimants

#Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = AMD controller = AMD add_core = AMD } # Alhomad territorial lands - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = POR controller = POR add_core = POR } # Portuguese territorial lands - By San Felipe
