#8122 - North Devon
#Area - Wessex
#Region - Britain

#Core Details
capital = "Barnstaple"
is_city = yes
owner = ENG
controller = ENG

#Demographics
culture = english
religion = catholic

#Development and Trade
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = copper

#Cores and Occupation (Alphabetical after current)
add_core = ENG
add_core = CRN

#Other Political
hre = no
add_local_autonomy = 25

#Fort/Other Buildings

#Special Modifiers
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = stannery_law_modifier
	duration = -1
}

#Discoveries
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
