#8174 - Nyitra
#Area - Lower Hungary
#Region - Carpathia

owner = HUN
controller = HUN
add_core = HUN
add_core = LHU
add_core = SLO
capital = "Nyitra"
is_city = yes
culture = slovak
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = fruit
hre = no
center_of_trade = 1
#Fort/Other Buildings

#Special Modifiers


#Discoveries
1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = KAZ } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = CRI } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = GOL } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = AST } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = QAS } 
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Histories