#8239 - Hotenpotx

capital = "Osoblaha"
is_city = yes
owner = SIl
controller = SIL
culture = polish
religion = catholic
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = wool
add_core = SIL
add_core = MVA
hre = yes

#Discoveries
1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = KAZ } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = CRI } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = GOL } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = AST } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = QAS } 
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

#Histories
1444.1.1 = {
	owner = BOH
	controller = BOH
	add_core = BOH
	remove_core = SIL
	culture = silesian_german
}