#8264 - Calau
#Area - Lusatia
#Region - North Germany

#Core Details
capital = "Calau"
is_city = yes
owner = BOH
controller = BOH

#Demographics
culture = sorbian
religion = catholic

#Development and Trade
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = naval_supplies

#Cores and Occupation (Alphabetical after current)
add_core = BOH
add_core = SOR

#Other Political
hre = yes

#Fort/Other Buildings

#Special Modifiers

#Discoveries
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
