#6231 - Belle-ï¿½le
#Region - France
#Area - Lorraine

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

owner = BRI
controller = BRI
add_core = BRI
capital = "Le Palais"
is_city = yes
culture = breton
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = glass

discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
