#8436 - Mirande

#Default
owner = FRA
controller = FRA
add_core = FRA
capital = "Mirande"
is_city = yes
culture = gascon
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1 
trade_goods = cheese
base_manpower = 1

#Claimants
add_core = GUY

#Special Modifiers
add_local_autonomy = 25

#Known by Technology groups
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Histories
1215.6.15 = { owner = ENG controller = ENG add_core = ENG } # Part of English Duchy of Aquitaine - By San Felipe

1444.11.11 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA } # Part of the Royal French Domain - By San Felipe