#8439 - Clermont

owner = FRA
controller = FRA
add_core = FRA
capital = "Clermont"
is_city = yes
culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 3
trade_goods = livestock
base_manpower = 1

#Special Modifiers

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
    name = rich_black_soil
    duration = -1
}

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

1268.1.1 = { add_core = BOU } # The Dukes of Bourbon rule as Counts of Clermont until the death of Charles III in 1527
1527.5.6 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA add_core = FRA remove_core = BOU  } # The death of Charles III saw his fiefs confiscated by the crown.
