#6468 - Amneville
#Region - France
#Area - Lorraine

owner = MTZ
controller = MTZ
add_core = MTZ 
capital = "Amneville"
is_city = yes
culture = alsatian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
trade_goods = lumber
base_manpower = 2

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Attested 6th century AD
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
