#6429 - Bockenheim  

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

owner = LIN
controller = LIN
add_core = LIN 
capital = "Leiningen"
is_city = yes
culture = franconian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
trade_goods = glass
base_manpower = 2

#Documented 7th century AD
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian