#8481 - Oberstein
#Region - Germany
#Area - Lower Rhineland

owner = SPN
controller = SPN
add_core = SPN
culture = hessian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = lumber
capital = "Oberstein"
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
is_city = yes
base_manpower = 2
hre = yes

discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 870 AD
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved