#6351 - Villingen
#Region - Germany
#Area - Upper Rhineland

owner = SWI
controller = SWI
add_core = SWI
capital = "Villingen"
trade_goods = wine
religion = catholic
culture = swiss
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
hre = yes

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#Documented 12th century AD
1538.1.1 = { religion = protestant } # Protestant majority
1650.1.1 = { religion = catholic }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } # The Holy Roman Empire is dissolved
