#6458 - Olten
#Region - Germany
#Area - Romandie

owner = SWI
controller = SWI
add_core = SWI 
culture = swiss
religion = catholic
capital = "Olten"
trade_goods = wool
hre = yes
base_tax = 2
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes

discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian

#First mentioned in 1201 AD as "Oltun"
