#8164 - Louth
#Area - Leinster
#Region - Ireland

#Core Details
capital = "Drogheda"
is_city = yes
owner = ENG
controller = ENG

#Demographics
culture = irish
religion = catholic

#Development and Trade
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = livestock


#Cores and Occupation (Alphabetical after current)
add_core = ENG
add_core = MTH

#Other Political
hre = no

#Fort/Other Buildings
fort_15th = yes

#Special Modifiers

#Discoveries
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


1541.6.18 = {
	owner = ANI
	controller = ANI
	add_core = ANI
	remove_core = WLS
}	#Creation of the Kingdom of Ireland under Henry VIII

1641.10.23 = {
	revolt = { 
		type = nationalist_rebels size = 0.5
	} 
	controller = REB 
}	#Beginning of the 1641 rebellion
	
1689.2.15 = {
	revolt = { 
		type = nationalist_rebels size = 0.5
	} 
	controller = REB 
}	#William of Orange accends to the throne and Jacobites rise through the kingdoms

1691.10.3 = {
	revolt = {}
	controller = ANI 
} # Treaty of Limerick ends the violence

1707.5.12 = {
	discovered_by = GBR
}	#Habit from NA, might not be needed here

1798.5.24 = {
	revolt = {
		type = nationalist_rebels size = 0.5
	} 
	controller = REB 
}	#Irish Rebellion of 1798

1798.9.24 = {
	revolt = {}
} # Rebellion defeated

1801.1.1 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
	remove_core = ANI
}	#Act of Union
