#8740 - Kibili

owner = TUN
controller = TUN 
culture = libyan_berber_culture
religion = sunni
capital = "Kibili"
trade_goods = dates
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1 
is_city = yes
add_core = TUN
add_core = GHD

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian


1534.8.16 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
} #Barbarossa takes the city.
1535.6.11 = {
	owner = TUN
	controller = TUN
} #Spain reinstate Hafsids under Charles V
1569.1.1 = {
	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
} #Uluj Ali Pasha captures Tunis
1571.10.7 = {
	owner = TUN
	controller = TUN
} #Spain reinstate Hafsids again
1574.9.13 = {
	owner = OTN
	controller = OTN
	add_core = OTN
} #Ottomans establish the semi-autonomous Ottoman Tunis