#267 - Rumburk
#Region - Germany
#Area - Erzebirge

owner = BOH
controller = BOH
add_core = BOH
capital = "Nikalsburg"
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = grain
hre = yes
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2 
is_city = yes

1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = KAZ } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = CRI } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = GOL } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = AST } 1444.1.1 = { discovered_by = QAS } 
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = dutch
discovered_by = english
discovered_by = french
discovered_by = german_group
discovered_by = italian
discovered_by = portuguese
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = scandinavian
discovered_by = spanish
discovered_by = swiss
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = bohemian
discovered_by = byzantine
discovered_by = hungarian
discovered_by = polish
discovered_by = russian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman